"D for Stupid" -Kururin
"This is why we gamble guys." -Kururin
"I'm Trying, I'm Flying, I'm Dead." -Kururin
"What if he sees my amazing peepee?" -Kururin
"Passsssccccceeeeeeel" -Kururin
"What's the opposite of exit?" -Kururin
"I just want a cute anime girl to clean my ears." -Kururin
"I'm addicted to qtips, what can I say." -Kururin
"I was touching the baby, okay? I was touching the baby." -Kururin
"A peacock is just a pretty ostrich." -Kururin
"I made sure to flush the toilet in case I accidentally made a baby in the toilet." -Kururin
"I don't want to talk about cute monkeys, I want to talk about pee!" - Kururin
"Stupid baby, I'm going to murder you." -Kururin
"I was raised in a subway, I don't know how to close doors." -Kururin
"I've destroyed a lot of things in my life." -Kururin
"Fucka you, seagirls." -Kururin
"I got so tilted I started talking in Japanese like the weeb I am.." -Kururin
"One room by Johnny Wisler" -Kururin
"I just want to find someone who accepts me for who I am and the way I want to put a table in my mouth." -Kururin
"Am I falling for a traffic light right now??" -Kururin
"If I bite someone's face off I want them to be 'aww cute' too." -Kururin
"And now.. can you grab onto my butt?" -Spong
"I'm touching your feet now." -Spong
"Ohfuck. Ohshit. Ohfuckohshitohfuckohshit!" *Falls off* -Odin
"Ohmy.. Odin's riding me..!" -Kazz
"Ohyeah when I forced you to look at me dying? Yeahhhh~" -Kururin
Odin: "How many hands do we need to use for this?" | Vis: "Probably both of them?"
"Drugs are the only way to win." -Pascel
"You guys have to obey me!" -Kururin
"Stop pooping on my chat! No poop! No poop! Stop!" -Kururin
"My dad is a really nice person, but he's still asian." -Kururin
"It starts with an apple and it ends with a thigh or a titty." -Kururin
"This rat has no business being so hot!" -Kururin
*Shio dies on spikes* "Oh.. you're like a kebab.." -Kururin
"I need baby food for this." -Kururin
"I wish that Kazuma would slap me as much as his OST does." -Kururin
"Listen guys. Don't you think the wizard monkey is kind of hot?" -Kururin
"I guess my name is just kururingay" -Kururin
"Do you see the sexual tension between Justin Bieber and the pen pineapple pen guy?" -Kururin
"I don't want this spicy tongue in my mouth." -Kururin
"There is so much pee in the hole! There is so much pee in the hole! There is so much peeee!!!" -Kururin
"Pascel, I'm feeling you right now." -Kururin
"Just because you're big doesn't mean you're big" -Kururin
"Strawberry days" -Kururin
"I think other people should starve." -Kururin??
"The Kuru Quirk." -Kururin
"i will NOT look at your noodle" -Spong
"Kuraddle, kuroodle, look at Kururin's noodle." -Kururin
https://i.imgur.com/kqlod4I.jpg
"Carrots are the twink of vegetables." -Kururin
"I do know how to use herpes" -Kururin
"Just kiss your bros good night on the cheek after eating McDonalds so they will get acne" -Kururin
"'Eyo, who told you to be different? Communism. Stay the same." -Kururin
"I'm not drunk, I'm just dumb." -Kururin
"I'm trying to look up her skirt, how do I look up her skirt?" -Kururin
"I'm not lost, I just don't know where I am." -Kururin
"Her ass, this is what I wanted!" -Kururin
"Well I am the main character of the Hanamori harem." -Kururin
"Imagine watching Kururin stream, couldn't be me." -Kururin, while asleep
"My mom's balls taste the best" -Kururin
"Vacation on the bottom but business on the top!" -Kururin
"Yua, don't look at spong's large testicles please" -Kururin
"Pascel: 'Do you want me to do it harder?' | 'Please do' [Ben] grins." -Pascel and the Iron Slap
"The harder you slapped, the more it hurt. But it felt good. Good hurt and bad hurt. Slap more and more until the pain kills the human half of your soul." -Pascel of the Iron Slap
"The only thing that's going to roll is my pee." -Kururin
"You eat a piece of Spong. It tastes like peanuts, but still peanut butter." -Neru|AI Dungeon
"This is what you get. You get a house cat and this is what they do, they fuck up the family dynamics." -Kururin
"What will be the 69th quote? It has to be something special guys" -Kururin
"Don't forget that I forgot" -Kururin
"It's gone! Where am I supposed to go without my pee??" -Kururin
"Can I put you on fire? 🥺" -Kururin
"I wish *my* pee were that sparkly. Do you guys sometimes analyze your pee? PeeSA, you gotta analyze your pee." -Kururin
"now it's okay to vore me" -Kururin, 2021
"Not gonna lie, Donald's drip do be kinda hot" -Kururin
"Okay I need to eat the nut. Give me the nut.. Thank you for this delicious meal~" -Kururin
"HwwaAaAAAAAaAaa AAAAAAaaaaAAAaaaaah..ah.." -Kururin
"Aah, he's he-ee-ee heRETREE CRAPPING DAPPLE JUST GURU LEAVE WITHOUT ME LUH LEVICHE GOT THE BEANCHOP DADADA ABAY JAYJIJI AHJAYJAYY DALOOPAAII EYBABY" *breathes* "AAAAAAA" *breathes* "AAAAAAAAA" *breathes* "AAAAAAA SO CUUUTE NUM NUM NUEYNUEYNUUUHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" -Kururin
"I'm good at knifing." -Kururin
"Why are the trees suddenly kinda hot" -Wiener
"Do you wet your toothbrush before putting it in your mouth? Or do you just like go? Do you like rawdog it? Or do you wet if first before you put it in your mouth? Does anyone do it dry? I wanna know." -Kururin
"I can finally vore you guys. Legally." -Kururin
"Vitto? More like Finito." -Kururin
"I'm the tea of a catshop owner." -Kururin
"Listen. Violence always, always, always is the answer." -Kururin
"One Clan Happing" -Kuruboy
"God, there is so much pee, SO MUCH PEE!!" -Kurugin
"Guys if you ever have a bad day just blame it on Spong." -Kururin
"Normal people scribble in class, I'm just gay. I'm gay in class." -Kururin
"Why does everything we joke about turn into BL?" -Pascel
Yua: "We're a little bit disturbing" | Kururin: "It's okay, that's our charming point"
"Her brother killed her, that's kind of hot." -Kururin
"Big toad makes big pee multiply" -Kururin
"I'm not good with fire" -Kururin
"I have a right as a human being to shoplift." -Kururin
"Everything evil is green." -Kururin
"I got hit on, but not that kind, the murderous kind." -Kururin
"Ohmygosh it's literally a puddle of pee-nya... You just want to step into the puddle of pee-nya~" -Kururin
"Do you think Bowser is a dilf?" -Kururin
"If you ever get angry, just pee it out." -Kururin
"Is it a kiwi or is it a hairy leg? Mmmm~ we'll never know!" -Kururin
"Sora, noo!! Don't do this! It's me, Goofy and Duck!" -Kururin
"Gold content? Yes, piss-gold content because my content is piss." -Kururin
Kururin: Why am I in the piss-yellow one? | Spong: Because you're piss-yellow | Kururin: What? How could you say that to me??
Spong: Let me do this.. I'm a baby~ | Kururin: This is so cursed!! | Spong: I don't want to do it, you made me do it!!
"I - Pascel - hereby declare Kuru the better Gamer!" -Pascel
"Get outta here!" -Kururin's catchphrase
"Why is Maine not New York??" -Kururin
"Okay this is Russia, and I am FUCKED" -Kururin
"I just had the fastest wee.. the fastest weewee." -Kururin
"I'm the fastest pee in the wild west!" -Kururin
"Okay open its mouth, I'm going to pee down its throat." -Pascel
"It's not *my* fault that Pascel peed on me." -Kururin
Spong: "She really is so passive aggressive."| Kuru: "It's kinda hot"
"I don't want pee to be a thing in my channel!" -Kururin
"The p in Spong stands for Parkour." -Kururin
"I have.. piss. I'm peeing on its balls." -Pascel
Kururin: Just slice, no pee. | Pascel: That's what I'm saying, pee will only make it stronger..
spongbook: Do you recognize that flower? | Pascel: It's hot | Kururin: It's your daughter!
Kururin: WHAT ARE YOU DOING WHY ARE YOU PEEING ON THE MOLE | Pascel: I was nervous.. I couldn't hold it in..
"I'm just kururingames, the pee vtuber" -Kururin
"Stop with the baby in the toilet!!" -Kururin
"If you want to pee but there's no bathroom, just suck it up. Suck that pee back in." -Kururin
"When did I touch a baby..?" -Kururin
"SHIT- I mean, shoot! I'm seiso. I'm nyyaaaaAAAAA" -Kururin
"Bend over, Luigi" -Kururin
"What's the opposite of stripping? Unstripping." -Kururin
"People are going to be like, 'what do you do for a living now?' And I will be like, 'I am the hentai I always drew'" -Kururin
"For some reason, I thought the table was a dog." -Kururin
"I'm the tad of a keashop owner" -Kururin
"If I'm over your friends, you can be over them too." -Kururin
"Yes, the scariest thing in the world, couples." -Kururin
"Damn, why are not all the people dying" -Kururin
"Oh Eddie you're so hot, you're so hot Eddie, the amount of pets you've buried so far, mmmmmm~" -Kururin
"Noooo Troy Bolton! This is why I sneaked into the locker room! Just to uhhh just to touch your shirt.. I guess...." -Kururin
"We just suck the ghosts. See now we're sucking. And then we peep on people taking a shower. Honestly this game is kinda weird." -Kururin
"Keep me up keep me up OOOOOWOOOOOOOHH" -Spong
"Yeah! Step on Pascel's pp! That's right." -Kururin
"Is that THE kururingames holding a dick mushroom?" -Kururin
"I'm not a squirrel! I put them in a bag." -Pascel
"The puke of love. That's what it is." -Kururin(Swedish)
"Give yourself a fuck!" -Kururin(Swedish)
"I'm Kururin and I'm kuruOkay. I think. ...I'm not kuruOkay, I'm kuruDead." -Kururin
"I don't have any boobs that bounce, so I have to compensate with my bow." -Kururin
"I got licked, AND I'm broke.." -Kururin
"I'm a sick and twisted fujoshi who likes anime boys." -Kururin
"I'm going on a date with a twink version of Seigi." -Kururin
"Urrrrrgh." -Douma
"I really relate to her. She's nine." -Kururin
"Pascel's peepee do not be looking good." -Kururin
"'Kururin! Litterbox came calling for you a while ago!' It's time to pee." -Kururin
"Spit on him polpulu! Spit on him!! That's right~ That's some good spit~" -Kururin
"I'm gonna pee on the Roomba. Just to show my dominance." -Kururin
"I'm going to marry Twink-Seigi." -Kururin
"Ohmygod stop talking about god!! I don't think god exists in this room anymore.." -Kururin
"Did he just throw chocolate at us..? Anyway, die." -Kururin
"Why do you guys keep trying to learn things? Stop it! Stay stupid!" -Kururin
"I'm a cat; I'm supposed to pee on them. Whenever I'm upset, I pee!" -Kururin
"I also use spite to reduce spong's PP, I admit it." -Kururin
"What if we just made out with the dead people" -Kururin
"It's not about me. It's my island. Does my *community* want a picture of a naked man?" -Kururin
"I have mommy qualities! Fuck, I got a rock.. I got a rock. I cook!" -Kururin
"I just wanted to talk to you guys a little bit. Update you a bit. I didn't see any balls." -Kururin
"What if he ends up ugly? Is this what it feels like to be a mom?" -Kururin
"I'm so happy because Maple's always dying because of uni" -Kururin
"He only liked me for my clock. My big, big, big fat clock. I knew it." -Kururin
"Pathetic. Look at me. Look at me and my sweat!" -Kururin
"IM GONNA CRY AND OISS MYSELF" -Kururin
"Yeah you got to eat your balls. Everyday, to stay healthy." -Kururin
"Ohh I was making- I was doing his butt ohhhh" -Kururin
"Ohmygod, I'm going to put it inside Donald, I'm so sorry it might hurt a little UUUURRRREEEEGHHH" -Kururin
Kururin: Let me gooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! | Spong: *YOU'RE* holding onto me! | Kururin: Oh
"I'm an expert when it comes to balls. I did it." -Kururin
Kururin: Heeeey! We could have had a homoerotic moment right there! But you were pussy and ran away!! | Pascel: I have a wife and kids.
"Give me your balls, I'll show you how to play with a man." -Pascel
"He's a frkkn dog! 'You smell like Nagusa? Fuck that. I'm gonna piss on your hair.'" -Kururin
"Her water broke.. all over my screen." -Kururin
"She be walking like a supermodel, I be walking like I lost some ribs" -Kuru
"At least we stole money from these kids, so there's always a happy end." -Kururin
"My big booty too thicc! Literally squished a man!" -Kururin
"I was laughing because he was touching the other fish's booty! I was laughing because I was like, 'hahah he's kissing his BUTT' but then I almost frkkn died!" -Kururin
"Come on my army of unborn kids" -Kururin
"Ohno.. please don't explode in my mouth, please.." -Kururin
"Why is his ass so pointy I hate it!!" -Kururin
Kururin: Well, you said it. Gugu gaga. You're the one who said you were a baby. Say it. | Spong: g-gugu gaga...
"You have two jobs now guys. Soak up my pee and my tears." -Kururin
"See I was so innocent, I never said a bad word even once. Look at me now. Shit! Fuck!" -Kururin
"It's like having a face-sized contact lens stuck in your eye" -Kururin
"I almost read 'Jangling Penises'" -Kururin
"Is it actually a law that says, Do not spread your feces on someone else's property" -Kururin
"In one episode, she decides to put her entire toe inside her feet" -Kururin
"Let's stalk the neighbors! .. man, so boring." -Kururin
"His sword is so small compared to Tokisada's" -Kururin
"I don't have enough PP." -Kururin